AI #1998: Reconcile "match" vs "equal" verbiage (#2175)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/appendix/invoice_and_billing_period_handling.md

At the conclusion of this process, a key objective is for the aggregated [Billed Costs](#datasets.invoicedetail.billedcost) in the Invoice Detail dataset for a given [Invoice Detail ID](#datasets.invoicedetail.invoicedetailid) to align with the payable amounts presented on the corresponding invoice line items. This alignment is performed across [Invoice ID](#datasets.invoicedetail.invoiceid), Invoice Detail ID, and [Invoice Issuer](#datasets.invoicedetail.invoiceissuername).

> Similarly, practitioners rely on the aggregated Billed Costs in the Invoice Detail dataset to equal the aggregated [Billed Costs](#datasets.costandusage.billedcost) in the Cost and Usage dataset for the same identifiers, subject to [Rounding Variance Tolerance](#appendix.roundingvariancetolerance).

Author: @mike-finopsorg @shawnalpay 
I know we had talked about what to do when there are changes that happen after someone has reviewed the PR already. I **did not** reset your approvals because this feels very minor, but I wanted to call your attention to this change. It was identified by Irena who wrote this appendix entry because these two values may not be perfectly equal and there is no reference to rounding error in this appendix entry currently.

Reviewer: @kk09v 
This change is fine with me.  I will be proposing a change to the approval-clearing process very soon, but that's not our current operating model, and it's only going to strictly apply to normative changes anyhow.

Reviewer: That said, you might want to avoid _any_ equality phrase; Billed Cost across these two datasets will _never_ match exactly, except in the most trivial cases, as you well know as a practitioner.  Perhaps the term "reconcile" is more appropriate here.

Reviewer: Per my note above:

```suggestion
Similarly, practitioners rely on the aggregated Billed Costs in the Invoice Detail dataset to reconcile with the aggregated [Billed Costs](#datasets.costandusage.billedcost) in the Cost and Usage dataset for the same identifiers, subject to [Rounding Variance Tolerance](#appendix.roundingvariancetolerance).

```
